# pizza-ordering-system
In this project pizza ordering system is used to place orders from the customers through pseudo online mechanism using visual medium through C# in visual studio 2010. The objective of this project is to model an ordering system that manages the orders placed for a specific store in a city. The purpose of the project is to provide software which can cater to the needs of pizza stores for managing their day to day orders. Functionalities like placing an order and customizing your order. Orders are also assigned a suitable pizza store based on locality and pin code. Customer codes and order numbers are allocated to customers to manage the order and its processing. Bill is also generated specifying details such as customer name, pizza details, order number and total amount payable. Various offers are also present in the form of coupons which can be used by the customers by using coupon code. Database is used to maintain customer records as well as for placing records and generating bill.


This project offers ways to implement ordering system in any type of catering system and how to manage orders and details of customers for future references. 

Functional Requirements:
•	The user creates his account on the system by registering himself first. User becomes a customer after registration. The user provides his details such as name, username, password, address, phone no. The user selects his pin code from a list. A unique 4 digit customer code is generated by the system. Details are validated and stored in the customer database. The user now becomes a customer.
•	Employee and registered customers can perform their respective login by entering their username and password.
•	View menu card of the pizzeria. The user, customer, employee can view pizzas and their respective prices according to the size by selecting the category of pizza-type. 
•	View stores in the city. The user, customer, employee can view stores located in the city according to the pin codes and area/locality. 
•	Customer can place his order after performing login in the system. The customer selects pizza, size and quantity while placing an order. The customer may or may not provide coupon code which gives some discount on the selected pizza.  This is stored in a cart. A customer can place order for any no of different pizzas and finalize his order. A bill may be generated after order has been finalized.
•	Customer can view his complete ordering history along with details of orders by checking account details.
•	An employee can view the details of all customers after successfully logging in the system.
•	An employee can view the details of all orders that have been placed in the system.
•	Employee can perform changes on pizza-menu by adding new pizzas to the menu, changing the prices of existing pizzas, deleting available pizzas. Changes are reflected in the menu card.
•	 An employee can add new pizza stores and delete existing stores.
•	 An employee can create new coupons or delete existing coupons.   


Schemas designed to serve these purposes are:
•	Pizzas(pizza_no, pizza_name, pizza_type)
•	Prices(pizza_no, price_reg, price_med, price_lar)
•	Orders(order_no, pizza_no, size, quantity, date,tot_amt)
•	Customers(cus_code, cus_name, ph_no_single, address)
•	Area(locality_name, pincode)
•	Stores(store_no, store_name)
•	Coupons(cup_code, discount)
