c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Form2.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Form3.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Form1_customer.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Form1_DESK.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.registration.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.registeration.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.stores.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.desk_create.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.desk_cdetails.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.cuppons.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.bill.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.orders_de.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.acc_det.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.editpizza.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.cusdet.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.editcupp.resources
